Rust bindings wasm2js update for /wallet package (#412)
Concordium/concordium-node-sdk-js: packages/sdk/README.md

npx pod-install # if building for ios, adds native modules from dependencies to project.
```

### Building App

> Initial App build may take significant amount of RAM (up to 10Gb), due to converted wasm module to js code.
> If you're encountering error `Reached heap limit Allocation failed - JavaScript heap out of memory`
> You need to increase memory limit `NODE_OPTIONS=--max-old-space-size`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial app build may take a significant amount of RAM (up to 10Gb), due to converted wasm module to js code.
If you encounter the error `Reached heap limit Allocation failed - JavaScript heap out of memory`
You need to increase memory limit `NODE_OPTIONS=--max-old-space-size`
```

> Example of start script in `packaje.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of start script in `package.json`
```
